## Authorization verification process

In order to ensure the security of the system and obtain user information, tokens are generally used to solve the problem, so how are tokens generated in our system, and how are they verified?

### token generation

There are several methods in `TokenStore`

```java
public class TokenStore {
	/**
	 * 将用户的部分信息存储在token中，并返回token信息
	 * @param userInfoInToken 用户在token中的信息
	 * @return token信息
	 */
    public TokenInfoBO storeAccessToken(UserInfoInTokenBO userInfoInToken) {}
    /**
	 * 根据accessToken 获取用户信息
	 * @param accessToken accessToken
	 * @param needDecrypt 是否需要解密
	 * @return 用户信息
	 */
	public ServerResponseEntity<UserInfoInTokenBO> getUserInfoByAccessToken(String accessToken, boolean needDecrypt) {}
    
	/**
	 * 刷新token，并返回新的token
	 * @param refreshToken
	 * @return
	 */
	public ServerResponseEntity<TokenInfoBO> refreshToken(String refreshToken) {}
}
```

In the `LoginController#login()` method, use `storeAccessToken` to save the logged in user information in redis after logging in

### token verification

In our design, there will be an authorization center dedicated to the user's authorized login and verification of the token. There is no need to create its own authorization method in each service.

We use the commodity service `mall4cloud-product` as an example, we can find that the `mall4cloud-common-security` module depends on the `pom.xml`.

There is a filter `AuthFilter` in the module, which has such a paragraph

```java
tokenFeignClient.checkToken(accessToken)
```

Among them, `tokenFeignClient` is a method of `mall4cloud-api-auth` module. This interface is actually an interface of `feign`, and the implementation is `mall4cloud-auth`. Because we said that our authentication and authorization should come from a unified service, and this service is the `mall4cloud-auth` service. That is to say, when the project is started, it is almost necessary to start the project first.

### Configure urls that can be accessed without authorization

In fact, not all URLs should be logged in to be accessed by users. For example, when browsing products and searching for products, users can perform operations without logging in. What should I do at this time? We are going back to our `AuthFilter`, which has a paragraph

```java
List<String> excludePathPatterns = authConfigAdapter.excludePathPatterns();
```
There is an `authConfigAdapter` here. In fact, implementing this class can set the corresponding connection to be accessible or inaccessible.

### User role permissions
In the model of user role permissions, a user's permissions are often known only by logging in. It is also refined to each url, whether a user can access each method. Some of our systems require rbac models and some don't, so we extracted a service `mall4cloud-rbac` for rbac models. We go back to `AuthFilter`, which has a paragraph

```java
// 省略...
authConfigAdapter.needRbac() && !checkRbac(userInfoInToken, req.getRequestURI(), req.getMethod())
// 省略...
permissionFeignClient.checkPermission(checkPermissionDTO)
// 省略...
```

The `permissionFeignClient` here is actually a feign service, which is used to connect to the `mall4cloud-rbac` service to verify the rbac model.
